0.  According to Oxford English Dictionary, It is an artificial long word said to mean a lung disease known as silicosis caused by inhaling very fine ash and sand dust.
1.  According to man page, getrusage returns resource usage measures/statistics for a process or thread.
2.  According to man page, 16 members are in a variable of type struct rusage. 
3.  before and after are passed by reference because the signature of getrusage requires a pointer of type struct rusage to edit the same variables and not a copy of them. 
4.  First of all, main keeps track of the index of each character in a word with index, counts the number of misspelled words with misspellings and counts the number of words with words.
The text is read one character at a time till the end of the file (EOF). A word is made of only alphabetical characters and apostrophes (no strings with numbers). Each character c is read and written to word. When a string longer than LENGTH is found or an alphanumeric string is found, it is read till the next whitespace and discarded (not spell checked). A valid word is terminated with a '\0' and spell checked. Spell checking is benchmarked, words and misspellings are increased and the loop searches for a new string. The process is repeated till the end of a file.
5.  With fscanf, we may read a string longer than LENGTH and suffer from buffer overflow and we will have to read a string and check it for only alphabetical characters and apostrophes which brings an overhead.
6.  You declared parameters for check and load constant because you don't want their value and reference (memory address) to be change by these functions.
7.  The data structure I used to implement my spell-checker is a hash table. It is an array of pointers with each 		pointer being the head of a linked list. The linked list is made of node; each node is composed of a string (for a word) and a pointer to the next node in the list. It is like a shelf with many rows and each row has an index number.
8.  The first time I got it working, my code was about 9 times slower than my actual code.
9.  Firstly, I used the basic hash function from study.cs50.net. I changed it to FNV1a which is a non-cryptographic hash algorithm. I used the implementation from Georgi at http://encode.ru/threads/612-Fastest-decompressor!?p=22184&viewfull=1#post22184 and set the table size to 250423. After those changes, I gained about 5.30 seconds in total time.
10. From the requirements, check50 and valgrind, no. 
