0.  BMP supports up to 4 billion, GIF supports up to 256, JPEG supports up to 16 million, 
    and PNG supports up to 4 billion different colors.
1.  Only GIF supports animation.
2.  Lossy compression techniques reduce the size of the image file to the expense of the image quality 
    (level of details). Images compressed with lossy techniques are degraded and it is irreversible.
    On the other hand, loss-less compression techniques reduce the image size whilst keeping the image quality.
    Compression is reversible and the quality of image stays intact.
    The size ratio for lossy techniques is higher than that of loss-less techniques.
3.  JPEG is the lossy compressed image file format among them.
4.  When a file is deleted on a FAT file system, its reference is removed from the containing directory and the blocks
    containing the file's data are placed on the free list (marked as free).
5.  To ensure with high probability that my deleted files are unrecoverable, I would use sanitization tools (disk 
    sanitizers), for example the dd command(write zeroes to the disk) with the shred command (overwrite the disk with random bits) on UNIX-like operating systems to sanitize the disk.
6.  stdint.h is header file in the C standard library that provides exact width integer data types such as uint8_t for greater portability.
7.  The point of using stdint.h data types is portability because those data types have an exact, clear range with no ambiguity for computer systems.
    So these data types will be interpreted the same way on an IBM mainframe as on a RaspberryPi unlike the simple int data type whose range might 
    change from one system to another.
8.  A BYTE is 1 byte, a DWORD is 4 bytes, a LONG is 4 bytes, and a WORD is 2 bytes.
9.  The first two bytes of a BMP file in decimal are 0x42 and 0x4d.
10. bfSize is the size in bytes of the bitmap file and biSize is the number of bytes for the BITMAPINFOHEADER.
11. biHeight negative means that the bitmap is a top-down DIB and its origin is the upper-left corner (the image is up-right).
12. It is the biBitCount field.
13. fopen might return NULL if there isn't enough memory to open the file or the file does not exist.
14. The third argument to fread is always 1 in our code because according to the size of our element BITMAPFILEHEADER or BITMAPINFOHEADER which are 
    structs, we are reading one instance of the element. After all, there is only one BITMAPFILEHEADER and BITMAPINFOHEADER per BMP file.
15. If biWidth is 3, padding will hold the value of 1.
16. fseek helps reposition a pointer in a file stream.
17. SEEk_CUR identifies the current position of the pointer for fseek.
18. The face of somebody I don't know, smiling.
